Add kine and runtimes search docs (#281)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/datastore/external.md

  Embedded Etcd is the default datastore, and will be used if no other datastore configuration is present.
* **Embedded [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)**  
  SQLite cannot be used on clusters with multiple servers.
* **External Database**  
  The following external datastores:
  * [etcd](https://etcd.io/) (certified against version 3.5.4)
  * [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com) (certified against versions 5.7 and 8.0)
  * [MariaDB](https://mariadb.org/) (certified against version 10.6.8)
  * [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) (certified against versions 12.16, 13.12, 14.9 and 15.4)

:::warning Prepared Statement Support
RKE2 requires prepared statements support from the DB. This means that connection poolers such as [PgBouncer](https://www.pgbouncer.org/faq.html#how-to-use-prepared-statements-with-transaction-pooling) may require additional configuration to work with RKE2.
:::

### SQLite Configuration Parameters
If you wish to use SQLite as the database for your RKE2 server, you must set `disable-etcd` option without a `server` option for RKE2 to knows that it needs to disable etcd and run with SQLite.

### External Datastore Configuration Parameters

> If you wish to use an external datastore such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, or etcd you must set the `datastore-endpoint` parameter so that RKE2 knows how to connect to it. You may also specify parameters to configure the authentication and encryption of the connection. The below table summarizes these parameters, which can be passed as either CLI flags or environment variables.

Reviewer: Nit, but we don't talk about CLI.

  - Connect to the MySQL socket at `/var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock` using the `root` user and no password
  - Create a database with the name `kubernetes`

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="etcd">

  In its most common form, the `datastore-endpoint` parameter for etcd has the following format:

  `https://etcd-host-1:2379,https://etcd-host-2:2379,https://etcd-host-3:2379`

  The above assumes a typical three node etcd cluster. The parameter can accept one more comma separated etcd URLs.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Single Server with SQLite

### 1. Set `disable-etcd` without the `server` parameter in the config file

```yaml
disable-etcd: true
```

### 2. Install RKE2 
```bash
curl -sfL https://get.rke2.io | sh -
```

### 3. Enable rke2-server service
```sh
systemctl enable rke2-server.service
```

### 4. start the rke2-server service

```sh
systemctl start rke2-server.service
```

You can follow the server starting by `kubectl get nodes` to see the server get the `Ready` status. See [Cluster access](../cluster_access.md) for more info about how to access RKE2.

## External database

### 1. Create an External Datastore

> You will first need to create an external datastore for the cluster. See the [Datastore overview](overview.md) documentation for more details.

Reviewer: Broken link now that overview.md doesn't exist

### 2. Launch Server Nodes

RKE2 requires two or more server nodes for this HA configuration. See the [Requirements](../install/requirements.md) guide for minimum machine requirements.

When starting the `rke2-server` service on these nodes, you must set the `datastore-endpoint` paramenter in the config so that RKE2 knows how to connect to the external datastore. The `token` parameter can also be used to set a deterministic token when adding nodes. When empty, this token will be generated automatically for further use.

For example, a `config.yaml` like the following could be used to config RKE2 with a MySQL database as the external datastore and set a token:

> :::note
> You will need to create the folder and the config file if it is a fresh install.
> :::

Reviewer: I would just copy the HA instructions note in this section
```suggestion
:::note 
The RKE2 config file needs to be created manually. You can do that by running touch /etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml as a privileged user. 
:::
```
